README.rst, before:

**************
markdown2ctags
**************

This application generates ctags-compatible output for the sections of a
Markdown document.

The motivation was to have a tool fast enough to use with the
`TagBar <https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar>`_ plugin in Vim.

Using with TagBar
=================

To use this tool with TagBar, add the following into your ``~/.vimrc``::

    " Add support for markdown files in tagbar.
    let g:tagbar_type_markdown = {
        \ 'ctagstype': 'markdown',
        \ 'ctagsbin' : '/path/to/markdown2ctags.py',
        \ 'ctagsargs' : '-f - --sort=yes --sro=»',
        \ 'kinds' : [
            \ 's:sections',
            \ 'i:images'
        \ ],
        \ 'sro' : '»',
        \ 'kind2scope' : {
            \ 's' : 'section',
        \ },
        \ 'sort': 0,
    \ }

.. note::

    The suggested ``sro`` used to be ``|``, but this symbol could be used in
    headings (when talking about logical operators, for example).  As a result,
    I recommend using something like the UTF-8 chevron above and specifying this
    new sro character on the command line via the ``--sro`` option.

You'll need to have the TagBar plugin installed for this to work.  Also, you
may need to call the variable ``g:tagbar_type_mkd`` and change ``ctagstype`` to
``'mkd'`` if you're Ben William's Markdown syntax highlighting script.  It sets
the file type to ``mkd`` whereas Tim Pope's sets it to ``markdown``.

License
=======

This tool is licensed under a Simplified BSD license.  See ``LICENSE.txt`` for
details.

Commit message:

README: add a note about an issue people have been running into

README.rst, after:

**************
markdown2ctags
**************

This application generates ctags-compatible output for the sections of a
Markdown document.

The motivation was to have a tool fast enough to use with the
`TagBar <https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar>`_ plugin in Vim.

Using with TagBar
=================

To use this tool with TagBar, add the following into your ``~/.vimrc``::

    " Add support for markdown files in tagbar.
    let g:tagbar_type_markdown = {
        \ 'ctagstype': 'markdown',
        \ 'ctagsbin' : '/path/to/markdown2ctags.py',
        \ 'ctagsargs' : '-f - --sort=yes --sro=»',
        \ 'kinds' : [
            \ 's:sections',
            \ 'i:images'
        \ ],
        \ 'sro' : '»',
        \ 'kind2scope' : {
            \ 's' : 'section',
        \ },
        \ 'sort': 0,
    \ }

.. note::

    The suggested ``sro`` used to be ``|``, but this symbol could be used in
    headings (when talking about logical operators, for example).  As a result,
    I recommend using something like the UTF-8 chevron above and specifying this
    new sro character on the command line via the ``--sro`` option.

    However, some folks have had issues with the chevron--TagBar is failing to
    split on the character correctly and it results in incorrect headings that
    contain ``<bb>`` in TagBar.  I'm not sure what the underlying cause is just
    yet, but if you're suffering from this issue, you may want to fall back to
    using the ``|`` character.  You can do this by dropping the ``--sro=»``
    parameter from ``ctagsargs`` and setting ``'sro'`` to ``'|'``.

You'll need to have the TagBar plugin installed for this to work.  Also, you
may need to call the variable ``g:tagbar_type_mkd`` and change ``ctagstype`` to
``'mkd'`` if you're Ben William's Markdown syntax highlighting script.  It sets
the file type to ``mkd`` whereas Tim Pope's sets it to ``markdown``.

License
=======

This tool is licensed under a Simplified BSD license.  See ``LICENSE.txt`` for
details.
